Added additional information to account-company-create page (#1634)
magento/merchdocs: src/customers/account-company-create.md

   ![]({% link images/images-b2b/welcome-email-company.png %}){: .zoom}

{:.bs-callout-info}

> If the visitors already have a registered user account, they can create a company account by navigating to _Customer's Profile_ > **Company Structure** > **Create a Company Account**.
> This customer's account will be assigned as the primary contact. Otherwise, Magento will create a new customer, who will receive email to set a password.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If a visitor is logged in to a registered user account, they can create a company account by navigating to _Customer Profile_ > **Company Structure** > **Create a Company Account**. Upon creation of the company account, the customer's account is assigned as the primary contact. Otherwise, the system creates a new customer, who receives an email to set a password.
```
